# DGEFI（Distributed Green Energy Finance Protocol）
# DGEFI target
To Become the first green digital encryption Bank based on blockchain technology, and provide supporting for global distributed green energy entities
# DGEFI official website
https://www.dgefi.com/; https://www.dgefi.finance/
# DGEFI mining entrance
https://app.dgefi.finance; https://app.dgefi.com
# GitHub
https://github.com/GECToken-DeFi
# Twitter
https://twitter.com/davy2gect
# Discard
https://discord.gg/vXXTtC7
# Introduction to DGEFI
DGEFIProtocol is a distributed digital energy governance token protocol which established on Ethereum. DGE As DGEFI Tokens generated by the agreement, which are used as governance tokens for distributed green energy autonomous communities, are composed of green energy DAO Community voting management DGE Tokens aim to establish a number of distributed green energy power stations, solar charging piles and other public environmental protection infrastructures worldwide to reduce global carbon emissions and benefit all mankind.

* Introduction to GBank

    GBank (all called Green Energy digital encryption bank) is a DEFI agreement established on Ethereum. Its main function is to link digital assets with entity assets, the combination of digital economy and real economy through blockchain technology makes the two complement each other and enables digital currency to have a real source of income, it also enables the heavy assets of the real economy to use digital cash to strengthen its liquidity through blockchain technology.
    
    The main function of GBank is to cast various digital assets into DGE tokens through the design of professional financial talents and the technical means of blockchain, that is, through DGEFI protocol, moreover, GBank will invest cash assets and real assets as the support of DGE tokens, and generate the surplus of digital assets through the operation of a series of chain intelligent financial agreements. And invest all this surplus in the real distributed green energy industry, such as: distributed photovoltaic power station, distributed wind power station, distributed solar charging pile and other green energy industry. So as to solve the supply chain problem of energy construction funds in reality and strengthen the real source of income of digital cash.  

* Asset pool

    GBank is a digital encrypted bank based on the underlying technology of blockchain and built by DGEFI distributed green digital energy protocol, aiming at achieving the goal of digital economy empowering the real economy. The entity asset data in the asset pool passes web3.js, which links the capacity data of real assets Self-developed LANCHAIN, so as to ensure that the governance of GBank in post-investment management is open and transparent, so that all holders of digital assets stored in GBank, truly feel the experience of participating in the protection of the Earth's environment.
The following is the real-time capacity data analysis diagram of the physical photovoltaic power station called through web3.js:
!https://ae01.alicdn.com/kf/H12365fd9856f45dfaae5936135ddb09c8.png!

* Rewards pool

    The so-called rewards pool refers to the cash income generated by the entity assets invested by GBank, and this part of cash income will enter the smart agreement on the chain on a monthly basis, as the "mining" income of users who provide liquidity to DGE.
With the continuous thickening of the real assets in sustainable operation, the more cash "ores" in the rewards pool are, which also encourages more users to participate and provides liquidity for DGE, the more digital assets are locked. Then the thicker the underlying digital assets of GBank, the higher the net value of DGE, and the better its liquidity will be.

* Machine gun Pool

    Machine gun pool is divided into Force machine gun pool and DeFi machine gun pool. Force machine gun pool refers The same type of "workload proof" mining as bitcoin mining, which has been called "traditional mining", is due toPrice and computing power often fluctuate up and down, and the profits of different projects with the same computing power digging the same type of algorithm sometimes differ greatly, therefore, there are minersCentralize the computing power into a mine pool, not specifying which currency to dig, but directly looking for several currencies in the same mining algorithm, and switching the computing power to which currency to dig for the highest profit, the final gain is the best. This method of constantly switching mining between different currencies is called "machine gun pool".
In the DeFi era,Liquidity mining is very popular,The principle of the machine gun pool in DeFi is similar to that of the traditional machine gun pool. In fact, it is a strategic mining pool that achieves optimal benefits through intelligent scheduling.
    
    GBank's machine gun pool financial products are all designed by professional financial professionals, aiming at several DeFi varieties with the largest liquidity, the best stability and the highest profitability in the current market, such: compound/swUSD/USDT Vault/Dai Vault/yCRV Vault/renBTC, etc. Set the risk coefficient. The risk coefficient adopted by GBank combines three indicators: standard deviation,Β coefficient andSharpe index,This makes GBank's machine gun pool products reach a relative balance in terms of returns and risks, that is, on the premise of ensuring the risk-free returns of assets, the investment portfolio returns of assets are maximized. At present, the annualized rate of return in the test is basically stable between 30% and 45%, and the risk coefficient is between 0.5 and 1.* DGE liquidity mining（DGE Liquidity mining --- Liquidity mining）

# DGE Liquidity mining --- Liquidity mining
* Product Design

    DGEFI generates initial governance token DGE through liquidity mining, so as to attract more users and funds to participate in this digital finance experiment. The initial token generated by liquidity mining is a fair, transparent and fair way and can helpDGEQuickly obtain initial users in a short time.DGEFIThe liquidity of mining will be divided into multiple stages, in order to gain high profits while having a stronger sense of reality and a sense of security, you can check the operation status of real assets under DGE token management at any time, and encourage more users to participate sustainably and obtain stable high returns. This is a simpler pledge mining business than Staking,One-click cash deposit and one-click cash withdrawal will increase profits..
    
    In order to ensure the intrinsic value of DGE tokens, DGE tokens do not pre-mine or reserve team tokens. And DGE tokens adopt the flexible supply mode, according to the market liquidity situation, flexible inflation or deflation of DGE tokens. The total number of DGE tokens publicly used in the liquidity pool for the first time is 1 million, and the initial net value of DGE is calculated based on RMB
    
    At the same time, DGE in the mine pool will use the net value of DGE in the liquidity pool as the standard of reference elastic supply. That is:
                                              NV(DEG)= S(ETH)/S(DGE)  
           (NV refers to NetValue, that is, net value, unit is ETH/DGE, S refers to Supply, that is, the Supply of tokens)
           
* Mining pool design
    
    The mine pool of DGE also adopts the elastic supply mechanism, that is, the supply of mine pool is proportional to the amount of lock-in of liquidity. That is to say, each flow input will generate 50% of the flow into ore and put it into the mine pool. However, the remaining amount of ore in the mine pool will remain unchanged for each reduction or zero increase of the flow. The purpose of this design is to ensure that DGE will not depreciate excessively.
    Mine Pool Supply S(MiningPool) = Σ(SN) * 50%)+ S(0)
    Σ(SN) Refers to the total amount of the forward purchase transaction DGE on that day, S(0)Refers to the initial mining pool.
    Mining earnings = S(invest)/S(liquidity) * S(MiningPool)
    The mining revenue of DGE mining pool is settled on a daily basis, which is affected by several important factors. 
    F{S(MiningPool),S(liquidity),P(DGE)},P(DGE) is the price of the immediate DGE, then : 
    Daily mining earnings = n / 365 * {S(invest)/S(liquidity) * S(MiningPool)}；
    Annual income of mining: F= S(MiningPool) / S(liquidity) * P(DGE)；
    Initial mining pool is set to: 50000 DGE

* Design to ecological pool
    
    The ecological transaction pool will be gradually established. It is expected that transaction pairs will be set up in Uniswap DEX and Sushiswap DEX respectively. After that, transaction pairs such as HT and DAI will be activated one after another. And will gradually expand to ecological communities such as Defis and Polkadot.

* Advantages of DGE

    ~ Supported by underlying physical assets, the benefits are more real and stable.
~ Flexible supply system, no team reservation, no pre-mining. Follow the principle of more work and more gain to ensure the benefits of mining.
~ Complete on-chain governance, permission to the community, open and transparent.

